Add authors (#1)
pyhf/pyhf-benchmark: README.md

# pyhf-benchmark

Benchmarking of hardware acceleration of `pyhf`

## Authors

> `pyhf-benchmark` is openly developed by [Bo Zheng](https://iris-hep.org/fellows/BoZheng.html) and [Matthew Feickert](https://www.matthewfeickert.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`pyhf-benchmark` is openly developed by [Bo Zheng](https://iris-hep.org/fellows/BoZheng.html) and the [`pyhf` dev team](https://scikit-hep.org/pyhf/#authors).
```

I think we can put the focus on you and then just mention that we're also involved.

Author: Done!

> Please check the [contribution statistics for a list of contributors.](https://github.com/scikit-hep/pyhf/graphs/contributors)

Reviewer: The URL needs updating to be pointing at `pyhf-benchmark`
```suggestion
Please check the [contribution statistics for a list of contributors.](https://github.com/pyhf/pyhf-benchmark/graphs/contributors)
```
